README.md, before:

# Spaghetti Closet

Look, if you had one shot or one opportunity
To seize everything you ever wanted in one moment
Would you capture it or just let it slip?
Yo

## Local Development

1. Install dependencies:
```bash
npm install
```

2. Run the development server:
```bash
npm run dev
```

3. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your browser.

## Deploy to Vercel

### Option 1: Deploy via Vercel CLI (Recommended)

1. Install Vercel CLI:
```bash
npm i -g vercel
```

2. Login to Vercel:
```bash
vercel login
```

3. Deploy:
```bash
vercel
```

Follow the prompts. For the first deployment, it will ask you to link the project. After that, you can use `vercel --prod` to deploy to production.

### Option 2: Deploy via GitHub

1. Push your code to a GitHub repository
2. Go to [vercel.com](https://vercel.com)
3. Click "New Project"
4. Import your GitHub repository
5. Vercel will auto-detect Next.js and deploy automatically

That's it! Your site will be live at a URL like `your-project-name.vercel.app` (this project: spaghetticloset.com).

## Tech Stack

- Next.js 14, React 18, TypeScript
- Plain HTML/CSS (no Tailwind)
- Vitest + React Testing Library for tests
- Phase 1: Supabase (DB + Auth) to be added; see **PROJECT_SUMMARY.md** and **PHASES_OUTLINE.md** for current state and next steps.

Commit message:

Add Supabase and Vercel setup doc, README link, dummy TOS/PP

README.md, after:

# Spaghetti Closet

Look, if you had one shot or one opportunity
To seize everything you ever wanted in one moment
Would you capture it or just let it slip?
Yo

## Local Development

1. Install dependencies:
```bash
npm install
```

2. Run the development server:
```bash
npm run dev
```

3. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your browser.

## Deploy to Vercel

### Option 1: Deploy via Vercel CLI (Recommended)

1. Install Vercel CLI:
```bash
npm i -g vercel
```

2. Login to Vercel:
```bash
vercel login
```

3. Deploy:
```bash
vercel
```

Follow the prompts. For the first deployment, it will ask you to link the project. After that, you can use `vercel --prod` to deploy to production.

### Option 2: Deploy via GitHub

1. Push your code to a GitHub repository
2. Go to [vercel.com](https://vercel.com)
3. Click "New Project"
4. Import your GitHub repository
5. Vercel will auto-detect Next.js and deploy automatically

That's it! Your site will be live at a URL like `your-project-name.vercel.app` (this project: spaghetticloset.com).

## Tech Stack

- Next.js 14, React 18, TypeScript
- Plain HTML/CSS (no Tailwind)
- Vitest + React Testing Library for tests
- Supabase (DB + Auth). See **docs/SUPABASE_AND_VERCEL_SETUP.md** for what to configure in Supabase and Vercel and why.
